U.B.M. CHRISTA KANTHI CHURCH, KURLA

 Organist: Mr. Osmond
* Prelude:
* Invocation: Rev. Sam
* Hymn: K-153 (Vs. 1-2)

1. Yele ninna mëleyë
Namma chittha Yësu!
Ninna vaakya dhyaanavë
Aagalindhu lësu!
Vaakyajyöthi hididhu
Poorñavaagi vyaapisu
Nammaantharya, Yësu!

1. ಎಳೆ ನಿನ್ನ ಮೇಲೆಯೇ
ನಮ್ಮ ಚಿತ್ತ, ಯೇಸು!
ನಿನ್ನ ವಾಕ್ಯಧ್ಯಾನವೇ
ಆಗಲಿಂದು ಲೇಸು!
ವಾಕ್ಯಜ್ಯೋತಿ ಹಿಡಿದು
ಪೂರ್ಣವಾಗಿ ವ್ಯಾಪಿಸು
ನಮ್ಮಾಂತರ್ಯ, ಯೇಸು!

2. Namma madhye bandhiru!
Neegu paapavannu!
Hrudhavam maarpadisu!
Bödhisu nammannu!
Lökabuddhi thapputhe,
Lökareethi kettaddhe;
Bëre maademmannu!

2. ನಮ್ಮ ಮಧ್ಯೆ ಬಂದಿರು!
ನೀಗು ಪಾಪವನ್ನು!
ಹೃದವಂ ಮಾರ್ಪಡಿಸು!
ಬೋಧಿಸು ನಮ್ಮನ್ನು!
ಲೋಕಬುದ್ಧಿ ತಪ್ಪುತೆ,
ಲೋಕರೀತಿ ಕೆಟ್ಟದ್ದೆ;
ಬೇರೆ ಮಾಡೆಮ್ಮನ್ನು!

* Adoration, Confession, Absolution, Thanksgiving:
* Responsive Psalm: Psalm 67:1-3

1 God be merciful unto us, and bless us; and cause his face to shine upon us; Selah.
2 That thy way may be known upon earth, thy saving health among all nations.
3 Let the people praise thee, O God; let all the people praise thee.

* O.T. Bible Reading: Joshua 4:1-2

1 And it came to pass, when all the people were clean passed over Jordan, that the LORD spake unto Joshua, saying,
2 Take you twelve men out of the people, out of every tribe a man,

* N.T. Bible Reading: Acts 4:32-33

32 And the multitude of them that believed were of one heart and of one soul: neither said any of them that ought of the things which he possessed was his own; but they had all things common.
33 And with great power gave the apostles witness of the resurrection of the Lord Jesus: and great grace was upon them all.

* Gospel Reading: Mark 6:32-34

32 And they departed into a desert place by ship privately.
33 And the people saw them departing, and many knew him, and ran afoot thither out of all cities, and outwent them, and came together unto him.
34 And Jesus, when he came out, saw much people, and was moved with compassion toward them, because they were as sheep not having a shepherd: and he began to teach them many things.


* Apostles Creed:
* Announcements:
* Off. Prayer:
* Intercessory Prayer:
* Sermon:
"Unity in Faith and Action" (Mark 6:32-34)
* Lord's Prayer:
* Benediction:
* Threefold Amen:
* Postlude: